docs(contributing): add instructions on using clippy (#488)
interledger-rs/interledger-rs: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Make sure to run `cargo fmt` before you commit (required to pass CI).

>     - To install rustfmt, run `rustup component add rustfmt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - To install rustfmt, run `rustup component add rustfmt`.
     - To run rustfmt, use `cargo fmt -- --check `.
```

>     - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add `cargo fmt -- --check` as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add the command as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.
```

- Make sure to run `cargo clippy` before you commit (required to pass CI).

>     - To install clippy, run `rustup component add clippy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To install clippy, run `rustup component add clippy`.
```

    - To run clippy, use `cargo clippy --all-targets --all-features -- -D warnings`.

>     - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add `cargo clippy --all-targets --all-features -- --deny warnings` as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add the command as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.
```

- Make sure to run `cargo fmt` before you commit (required to pass CI).
    - To install rustfmt, run `rustup component add rustfmt`
    - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add `cargo fmt -- --check` as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.
- Make sure to run `cargo clippy` before you commit (required to pass CI).
    - To install clippy, run `rustup component add clippy`

>     - If you would like to make your local setup reject unformatted commits, you can add `cargo clippy --all-targets --all-features -- --deny warnings` as a pre-commit hook in the file `interledger-rs/.git/hooks/pre-commit`.

Reviewer: I would say, first we should test it with `clippy`, and then mention how we integrate it into pre-commit.

Author: Makes sense. Pushed a change - is this what you were hoping for? Feel free to make another suggestion/edit.

If you like this update, should we add a similar line for the `cargo fmt` instructions?
